hi um I'm Natalie and I'm this is a
contest entry for the freedom contest
with the eight YouTube gurus so the
prize pack i'm entering for is the
second one where you have to invent a a
beauty or bath product that you wish you
could see on the market somewhere so
here goes so i decided to do a kind of
Bath product um something that I wish
law should come out with or any other
bathstore would be awesome it would be
amazing so what is called is the shower
sock I know that sounds weird but this
is something that I I wished and wished
and wished that some kind of Bath
company would come out with and I
created for different products that
would go along with the shower sock Oh
idea and here's the first one it's
called pinky sweet as you could say that
would come in packs of four so you get
four of them and what they are is like
um you know those nylon socks that you
get when you try on a shoe at a store it
kind of be like a nylon type of material
and you just fit it over your shower
head so it'd be like one size fits all
kind of shower heads and basically it
would set your water it be a tech kind
of like a bath bomb or about a bubble
bar but in the shower sock the shower
stock would be like come with all
different kinds of like essential oils
in them to be very moisturizing and each
one has a different scent and different
color that it would change your water so
this is the first one like I said before
is pinky sweet changes your water pink
and it has a candy vanilla scent and
it'd be very moisturizing and as you can
see here's a little diagram you'd fit
right over the shower head and there's a
person and this one just smells really
good especially for the girly girls like
me but this is another one it's called
emerald mint
it would change your water and emerald
green color it had like a mint chocolate
chip kind of scent and just like a very
minty scent to wake you up and to also
like if you're sick to clear the sinuses
or anything like that and it also be
very moisturizing and who's another
diagram minty um next one is blue calm
and it would change your water blue and
it has a calming chamomile and lavender
scent and it's also very moisturizing
and this one's good for if you have
trouble going to sleep at night it would
calm you down and also if you're really
stressed out it also the lamb it
lavender and chamomile also help calm
you down and aww stress free and the
last one is orange zest this one or
change your water orange it has zesty
like citrusy type of scent it's also
very moisturizing and there you go I am
awake so that one would be really great
for like in the morning wake you up how
citrus scent yeah that's what I wanted
to invent and I would be like so happy
if anything any company came out with
this I'd be like in heaven so yeah I
hope I win this is my showers lock idea
and I hope you guys like it let me know
if you want to try this cuz I just like
to know if you guys what you guys think
alright bye